Welcome to part two of the presentation and communication techniques.
So in the previous section we talked about communication.
And it was more focused on getting information out of people.
Right so like preparing for a project and setting expectations and so on.
So I hope you noticed that.
And in this section we'll be doing opposite we'll be putting knowledge into people's heads and we will
see what are the best techniques.
And so in this section we'll talk about all things.
First I have a very special surprise for you.
I have something super special that you will find in a other course and I won't give it away right now
.
You will see what it is in the next to Tauriel.
And so we'll talk about that and then I'll just do some tips and tricks that I use on presenting and
bear in mind that they work for all sides already all size audience.
I use them for size audiences whether it's 250 people whether it's 25 people five people one person
the tips and hacks that I share with you here they work regardless of the size of the audience some
of them are specific to data size.
Some of them are like the cream of the cream of hacks and tips on presenting for everybody.
So basically there are lots of resources out there on presentation.
I picked out the best ideas that I personally applied presenting and I'm sharing them with you here
so you don't have to go searching the internet for those tips of hacks somewhere else.
And on that note let's jump straight into it.
I look forward to seeing you in the first tutorial.